hello you live like your esprit home
the winter awaits
späth won the moment the talks
not quite as fast on the line
fifteenth are so who the week
opted for good care, the
Today it's his weekday
do with me going to the bedroom
and to do the best
I'll dedicate myself to my bottom then
I want to do that on the
freedom you cleaned up your floor
the less stress you have
vision vision that is really a whole
quick task
Unless you have a lot of follow on the
floor or stands for russ for clearing away
so if you care colorfully this
and also her bedroom and
guests maria was standing on the ground and
is simple but time thing for
working to clear away after winding or
the junk what he does not need away
completely gone or it has a function
a wrong place then please correct
towards admits if he at in the action
Since side rooms declutter at the
action I am with me that a chamber
there we have day 2 and today we have
after the plan day of yesterday
our goal is that as much as possible
to declutter
that means this is really going through and
trying to clear out
means you have things that do not work
we tried to sort things out
wegzuschmeißen a sales list
give away what is still doing it
simply cleared out away thinks fit
again there are two different ones
Clean up and clear out things
these are the two pondorf clear
means the thing has no function what
you have it it needs me it is
simply useless and on rome that means
Things are in the wrong place
it has a formation went wrong
put it has a function but it
is wrong
that brings nothing to you
basically that has the field and also
the function that he afterwards everything
summary does that neatly
we do not do today
today is really big cleared up day
trying to clear everything you guys
manages to go through ramming nothing
the things we still want to have all
make everything fly like that
to let
just look what you can do it and
that just has to be our place in
the room
if you that has done everything he
you have cleaned up again
a room planning
you have the crumbs on the
get space and through yours
Spatial planning and you have looked at
now after easter winter things around
summer things that you do
somehow after these areas and
sorted by themes now it works
Now it's all over and rumbling what is
because broken objects broke
Items that want to be repaired
broken garlic press broken 27 it
There are so many broken things
always on hitler you want to fix
she is not gone yet
I did not succeed later
just go away it does not annoy you
where you are in the end he frees then
there are still the emergency items her
have two garlic press no you have
two blabla welcome for emergency and
i can in the other educational path
no one even breaks 241 times
a new thought over again
that happens that the first part of that
What you have gone great is
if it does not need broken items
and you do not need a second
emergency thing away so that emergency thing
is exactly the same as reserves
You do not need that much
takes reserve and then that on it
accesses again if you are there
bedding capital in the wardrobe
probably therefore the last week
have sorted bedding cleaning products
cleaning products are even worse , we write
Just gone he has a bad feeling
Wider grabbed the cupboard and then
cleaning agent I told you you
needs only as a cleaner away what also
you always have something that hurts twice
with the less away and lifts the up on
and use that makes time on it whether
He did this really to use now
You know you did in the last half year
not just look away somehow
wipes have old wipes old t shirts
how you wanted to cut it up if that
until now have not done
throwing away is just everything
possible if it did not succeed
he makes but now not so rubbish
there is no point in what a function
what he did not need is what's up
served there because there diego
give away candlesticks whatever
Did not you use out of which
because you are not the substance of the values
uses because he does not make these candles
purpose is somehow fitting made
I had also started junk boxes
the standard 100 years around
if that does not show but someone looks
have and oxfam or whatever
everything comes off
make a big box if he does
if i want to be his bike and i want to
that did not work
Of course it's also about books
and magazines that are stored there
could be true after next books
we have so many books
We can actually book twice
read or we have fitte for new
Books There is a lot to find too much
many ways to read books
get rid of them okay says you everywhere
ten pieces in the shelf to the beautiful
they still look like their favorite books
last together not yet to the ten
you read here is to have available
that 's it the rest has to beck
magazines the same be honest
that's not what comes with pride
read whatever makes you look away
time for you because it is a bad one
make certain
and because they always tell you you have
not yet lived and
With so much time to invest around them
read then make them off order them
but I'll put it away if you do not
does not need it very fast
you also save money you save with
clean up always wants to clear away money
if you pay attention to buy less
as a decent holder not everyone
So you can buy too
read everything on the internet as well
whenever that is representative in the
shelf is the books or society
power is gone, it makes you away
Do you still have boxes of cartons as well?
always tight or wide clothes makes way
buy the new one when he is ready
No matter what I have the penultimate week
already said it today the
time to sort
loud music, a glass of sparkling wine to a
girlfriend perhaps clearly the
We always say when I'm alone
good mood once through big box and
zack zack evening to be happy
I am satisfied with what I have achieved
Hope he makes it so I hope you
you have desire and energy and wishes
otherwise a super nice
clean up in trouble ochs day